crucial phase of innings there you see
the comparative graphs the white being
the Chennai rhinos the red the chaos
magazine if you get the kerala strikers
they've lost wickets in clusters the
chennai rhinos never really get never
really being above the economy the
strike rate required they too have lost
three wickets last three overs or so so
it's been not very good their comparison
of course they are now eight runs behind
67 for four while the kerala strikers
are 75 for four but kerala strikers of
course completely imploded towards the
end and here knowing that they have to
chase only hundred thirteen is such a
big advantage for the Rhinos it don't
need to do anything desperate but do
they have the batting for it but into
the lower order and sometimes the lower
order tends to not think to smartly run
well it's it's been a funny two games by
the chennai rhinos you expect the
defending champions to come out and play
click better cricket if i may say so and
i don't think they really crown
themselves in glory in in either game
that's a singular to log on it's been a
good over so far two runs of the three
balls the required rate slowly climbing
up it's gone to 6.77 as we speak got to
say the two of the crease right now
don't seem to have known simply blessed
with a lot of sharks look at that very
athletic collection why they keep on you
said this before and he's a man who can
do almost anything for the kerala
strikers hope he's doing well map in his
film career though because he can bat he
can ball he can keep really well I hope
he can act well I'm sure you can he
seems to be super you weren't at the
moment on the cricketing world like I
said Charu he's been very very
impressive he's acted really well he
look like the one batsman in the
catalyst pikas team who could you know
get a quick-fire 50 a quick-fire 60 is
keeping has been outstanding you know I
was talking to sour cream a little while
ago and Saba said his glove work has
been has been outstanding is you know he
gets his body behind his hand seemed to
be you know really soft at the time of
collection his technique his
wicketkeeping technique is pretty good
at the end of 14 hours and to talk more
about the wicketkeeping will be saba
cream and Sanjay bangle when you come
back